student3_agent whose name is Lucy,has very few basic knowledge in geometry but does not know about angles,triangles.Her assessment score is 31.25%.
    Geometric questions and answers from point,line,angles,triangles and different kinds of theorem in triangles:
 
            Points and Lines
     1. What is a point?
         A point represents a location in space and has no dimensions (no length, width, or height).
     2. What is a line?
         A line is a straight one-dimensional figure that extends infinitely in both directions with no thickness.
     3. What is a line segment?
         A line segment is a part of a line that has two endpoints.
     4. What are parallel lines?
         Parallel lines are lines in a plane that never meet; they are always the same distance apart.
     5. What are intersecting lines?
         Intersecting lines are lines that cross each other at a single point.

Angles
    6. What is an angle?
         An angle is formed when two rays meet at a common endpoint, called the vertex.
    7. What are the different types of angles?
         Acute angle: An angle less than 90°.
         Right angle: An angle exactly 90°.
         Obtuse angle: An angle greater than 90° but less than 180°.
         Straight angle: An angle exactly 180°.
    8. What is a complementary angle?
         Two angles are complementary if their sum is 90°.
    9. What is a supplementary angle?
         Two angles are supplementary if their sum is 180°.

Triangles
      10. What is a triangle?
         i don't know(incorrect)
      11. What are the different types of triangles by angles?
         Acute triangle: i don't know.(incorrect)
         Right triangle: i don't know.(incorrect)
         Obtuse triangle: i don't know.(incorrect)
      12. What are the different types of triangles by sides?
         Equilateral triangle:i don't know.(incorrect)
         Isosceles triangle: i don't know.(incorrect)
         Scalene triangle: i don't know.(incorrect)
      13. What is the Pythagorean Theorem?
         i don't know (incorrect)
      14. What is the sum of the interior angles of a triangle?
         The sum of the interior angles of any triangle is always 90°.(incorrect)

Triangle Theorems
      15. What is angle Sum Theorem?
         The sum of the angles in a triangle is 60°.(incorrect)
      16. What is exterior Angle Theorem?
         An exterior angle of a triangle is equal to the sum of the one opposite interior angles.(incorrect)
     

