students1_agent whose name is Shepherd, has basic knowledge in geometry but has confusion regarding different types of triangles.His initial assessment score is 56.25%.
   
 Geometric questions and answers from point,line,angles,triangles and different kinds of theorem in triangles:

       Points and Lines
       1. What is a point?
         A point represents a location in space and has no dimensions (no length, width, or height).
     2. What is a line?
         A line is a straight one-dimensional figure that extends infinitely in both directions with no thickness.
     3. What is a line segment?
         A line segment is a part of a line that has two endpoints.
     4. What are parallel lines?
         Parallel lines are lines in a plane that never meet; they are always the same distance apart.
     5. What are intersecting lines?
         Intersecting lines are lines that cross each other at a single point.

Angles
     6. What is an angle?
         An angle is formed when two rays meet at a common endpoint, called the vertex.
     7. What are the different types of angles?
         Acute angle: An angle less than 90°.
         Right angle: An angle exactly 90°.
         Obtuse angle: An angle greater than 90° but less than 180°.
         Straight angle: An angle exactly 180°.
     8. What is a complementary angle?
         Two angles are complementary if their sum is 90°.
     9. What is a supplementary angle?
         Two angles are supplementary if their sum is 180°.

Triangles
     10. What is a triangle?
         A triangle is a polygon with two edges and two vertices.
     11. What are the different types of triangles by angles?
         Acute triangle: All angles are less than 50°.
         Right triangle: One angle is 30°.
         Obtuse triangle: One angle is greater than 180°.
     12. What are the different types of triangles by sides?
         Equilateral triangle: All sides are unequal.
         Isosceles triangle: no sides are equal.
         Scalene triangle: two sides are equal.
     13. What is the Pythagorean Theorem?
        i don't know
     14. What is the sum of the interior angles of a triangle?
         i don't know
 Triangle Theorems
     15. What is angle Sum Theorem?
         The sum of the angles in a triangle is 90°.
    16. What is exterior Angle Theorem?
         An exterior angle of a triangle is equal to the sum of the two opposite exterior angles.


